Step 3, verifying the truth. In sap, your destination, finding the financial
truth. Once the five minutes have passed. We move to sap to verify the
financial truth. Your goal. We are looking for the material document. This is
the ultimate official proof for accounting that the liability is recognized
your navigation steps, 1 open the purchase order Po. In sap to go to
the item details view the bottom section of the screen 3, click on the
purchase order history tab think of this table as your financial bank statement
it's literally where the company's money speaks the truth about the delivery.
It proves the transaction actually cleared. Close your eyes and walk through
those Clicks in your mind. Where do you arrive and what do you expect
to see?